SKY-2567 add delayed exposure event information (#588)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/guides/troubleshooting/exposures-without-assignments.md

    This chart doesn't appear if you selected assignment event as the exposure event or if you are using [local evaluation](../../general/evaluation/local-evaluation.md). 

!!!note

>     Sometimes the exposure event is delayed and is sent on a different day than the assignment event. For example, the assignment event is sent today and the exposure event is sent tomorrow. You should check for an issue if between the assignment and exposure events being sent, the user's user properties have changed in a way that affects whether they should be targeted. Otherwise, you can ignore this warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sometimes the exposure event is delayed and is sent on a different day than the assignment event. For example, the assignment event is sent today and the exposure event is sent tomorrow. There may be an issue if, between the assignment and exposure events being sent, the user's user properties have changed in a way that affects whether they should be targeted. Otherwise, you can ignore this warning.
```
